I was never big into Halloween
costumes when I was a child I
had a costume but I didn't have
so much invested in what it was
what it looked like that became
a part of my childhood memories
I grew up my formative years
were in a huge apartment
building 22 stories told 21
apartments per floor and there
were three of these buildings
there were thousands of people
in this community it's apartment
door right after apartment door
separated by twenty feet so we
would go trick-or-treating and
feel an entire shopping bag of
candy take it home
take on another bag and continue
this and I pitied children who
lived in the suburbs would have
to like walk down the sidewalk
grow up the walkway knock on the
door wait for them to answer get
a few pieces of candy say thank
you
back to the sidewalk and
continue this message was poor
children they don't get any
candy at all what was like the
best candy that you get I liked
the course you know I mean I've
been at this for a while
Milky Way To Mars Bar good with
that stupid question of course
that's what I like